Learn WordPress gives you all the free educational resources you need to grow your skills, wherever
you are on your WordPress journey.
The new Learn WordPress site makes it easier for you to discover what you're interested
in, browse featured courses, lessons, and online workshops.
If you are ready to jump to a specific subject or level, it's only a search away.
One of the most exciting new additions to the updated Learn WordPress experience is the
introduction of Learning Pathways.
These are complete programs that let you improve your WordPress skills progressively.
Learn the essentials of starting with WordPress or developing with WordPress, and then work
your way through intermediate and advanced concepts at your own speed.
Each Learning Pathway is organized into modules or sections of lessons, which let you focus
on building a solid foundation for your skills as you work through the course.
In every course you'll find a mix of learning tools, video tutorials, text-based resources,
and quizzes.
On the homepage of a course or Learning Pathway, you can also access a private demo site to play
around and practice in, powered by WordPress Playground.
You also have the option to register for a course.
This lets you track your progress and save your place in a lesson if you need to come back to
it later.
You can also access most course content without registering.
It's completely unlocked and available to anyone.
So take a quick look to preview what you'll learn or share with a friend, client or colleague.
There's always more to learn, so pick your path and learn your way.
Get started at learn.wordpress.org